thus says the Lord heaven is my throne
thus says the Lord heaven is my throne and earth is my footstool where is the
and earth is my footstool where is the
and earth is my footstool where is the house that you will build me and where
house that you will build me and where
house that you will build me and where is the place of my rest for all those
is the place of my rest for all those
is the place of my rest for all those things my hand has made and all those
things my hand has made and all those
things my hand has made and all those things exist but on this one will I look
things exist but on this one will I look
things exist but on this one will I look on him who is poor and of a contrite
on him who is poor and of a contrite
on him who is poor and of a contrite spirit and who trembles at my word
spirit and who trembles at my word
spirit and who trembles at my word he who kills a ball is as if he slays a
he who kills a ball is as if he slays a
he who kills a ball is as if he slays a man he who sacrifices a lamb as if he
man he who sacrifices a lamb as if he
man he who sacrifices a lamb as if he breaks a dog's neck
breaks a dog's neck
breaks a dog's neck he who offers a grain offering as if he
he who offers a grain offering as if he
he who offers a grain offering as if he offers swine's blood he who burns
offers swine's blood he who burns
offers swine's blood he who burns incense as if he blesses an idol just as
incense as if he blesses an idol just as
incense as if he blesses an idol just as they have chosen their own ways and
they have chosen their own ways and
they have chosen their own ways and their soul delights in their
their soul delights in their
their soul delights in their abominations so will I choose their din
abominations so will I choose their din
abominations so will I choose their din oceans and bring their fears on
oceans and bring their fears on
oceans and bring their fears on because when I called no one answered
because when I called no one answered
because when I called no one answered when I spoke they did not hear but they
when I spoke they did not hear but they
when I spoke they did not hear but they did evil before my eyes and chose that
did evil before my eyes and chose that
did evil before my eyes and chose that in which I do not delight hear the word
in which I do not delight hear the word
in which I do not delight hear the word of the Lord you who tremble at his word
of the Lord you who tremble at his word
of the Lord you who tremble at his word your brethren who hated you who cast you
your brethren who hated you who cast you
your brethren who hated you who cast you out for my name's sake said let the Lord
out for my name's sake said let the Lord
out for my name's sake said let the Lord be glorified that we may see your joy
be glorified that we may see your joy
be glorified that we may see your joy but they shall be ashamed the sound of
but they shall be ashamed the sound of
but they shall be ashamed the sound of noise from the city a voice from the
noise from the city a voice from the
noise from the city a voice from the temple the voice of the Lord who fully
temple the voice of the Lord who fully
temple the voice of the Lord who fully repays his enemies before she was in
repays his enemies before she was in
repays his enemies before she was in labor she gave birth before her pain
labor she gave birth before her pain
labor she gave birth before her pain came she delivered a male child who has
came she delivered a male child who has
came she delivered a male child who has heard such a thing who has seen such
heard such a thing who has seen such
heard such a thing who has seen such things shall the earth be made to give
things shall the earth be made to give
things shall the earth be made to give birth in one day or shall a nation be
birth in one day or shall a nation be
birth in one day or shall a nation be born at once for as soon as Zion was in
born at once for as soon as Zion was in
born at once for as soon as Zion was in labor she gave birth to her children
labor she gave birth to her children
labor she gave birth to her children shall I bring to the time of birth and
shall I bring to the time of birth and
shall I bring to the time of birth and not cause delivery says the Lord shall I
not cause delivery says the Lord shall I
not cause delivery says the Lord shall I who cause delivery shut up the womb says
who cause delivery shut up the womb says
who cause delivery shut up the womb says your God rejoice with Jerusalem and be
your God rejoice with Jerusalem and be
your God rejoice with Jerusalem and be glad with her all you who love her
glad with her all you who love her
glad with her all you who love her rejoice for joy with her all you who
rejoice for joy with her all you who
rejoice for joy with her all you who mourn for her that you may feed and be
mourn for her that you may feed and be
mourn for her that you may feed and be satisfied with the consolation of her
satisfied with the consolation of her
satisfied with the consolation of her bosom that you may drink deeply and be
bosom that you may drink deeply and be
bosom that you may drink deeply and be delighted with the abundance of her
delighted with the abundance of her
delighted with the abundance of her glory for thus says the Lord
glory for thus says the Lord
glory for thus says the Lord behold I would extend peace to her like
behold I would extend peace to her like
behold I would extend peace to her like a river and the glory of the Gentiles
a river and the glory of the Gentiles
a river and the glory of the Gentiles like a flowing stream then you shall
like a flowing stream then you shall
like a flowing stream then you shall feed on her sides shall you be carried
feed on her sides shall you be carried
feed on her sides shall you be carried and be dandled on her knees as one whom
and be dandled on her knees as one whom
and be dandled on her knees as one whom his mother comforts so I will come for
his mother comforts so I will come for
his mother comforts so I will come for you
you
you and you shall be comforted
and you shall be comforted
and you shall be comforted in Jerusalem when you see this your
in Jerusalem when you see this your
in Jerusalem when you see this your heart shall rejoice and your bones shall
heart shall rejoice and your bones shall
heart shall rejoice and your bones shall flourish like grass the hand of the Lord
flourish like grass the hand of the Lord
flourish like grass the hand of the Lord shall be known to his servants and his
shall be known to his servants and his
shall be known to his servants and his indignation to his enemies for behold
indignation to his enemies for behold
indignation to his enemies for behold the Lord will come with fire and with
the Lord will come with fire and with
the Lord will come with fire and with his chariots like a whirlwind to render
his chariots like a whirlwind to render
his chariots like a whirlwind to render his anger with fury and his rebuke with
his anger with fury and his rebuke with
his anger with fury and his rebuke with flames of fire for by fire and by his
flames of fire for by fire and by his
flames of fire for by fire and by his sword the Lord will judge all flesh and
sword the Lord will judge all flesh and
sword the Lord will judge all flesh and the slain of the Lord shall be many
the slain of the Lord shall be many
the slain of the Lord shall be many those who sanctify themselves and purify
those who sanctify themselves and purify
those who sanctify themselves and purify themselves to go to the gardens after an
themselves to go to the gardens after an
themselves to go to the gardens after an idle in the midst eating swine's flesh
idle in the midst eating swine's flesh
idle in the midst eating swine's flesh and the abomination and the mouse shall
and the abomination and the mouse shall
and the abomination and the mouse shall be consumed together says the Lord for I
be consumed together says the Lord for I
be consumed together says the Lord for I know their works and their thoughts it
know their works and their thoughts it
know their works and their thoughts it shall be that I will gather all nations
shall be that I will gather all nations
shall be that I will gather all nations and tongues and they shall come and see
and tongues and they shall come and see
and tongues and they shall come and see my glory I will set a sign among them
my glory I will set a sign among them
my glory I will set a sign among them and those among them who escape I will
and those among them who escape I will
and those among them who escape I will send to the nation's to Tarshish and
send to the nation's to Tarshish and
send to the nation's to Tarshish and pull and Lud who draw the bow and tubal
pull and Lud who draw the bow and tubal
pull and Lud who draw the bow and tubal and Javan to the coastlands afar off who
and Javan to the coastlands afar off who
and Javan to the coastlands afar off who have not heard my
have not heard my
have not heard my fame nor seen my glory and they shall
fame nor seen my glory and they shall
fame nor seen my glory and they shall declare my glory among the Gentiles then
declare my glory among the Gentiles then
declare my glory among the Gentiles then they shall bring all your brethren for
they shall bring all your brethren for
they shall bring all your brethren for an offering to the Lord out of all
an offering to the Lord out of all
an offering to the Lord out of all nations on horses and in chariots and in
nations on horses and in chariots and in
nations on horses and in chariots and in litters on mules and on camels to my
litters on mules and on camels to my
litters on mules and on camels to my holy mountain Jerusalem as the children
holy mountain Jerusalem as the children
holy mountain Jerusalem as the children of Israel bring an offering in a clean
of Israel bring an offering in a clean
of Israel bring an offering in a clean vessel into the house of the Lord and I
vessel into the house of the Lord and I
vessel into the house of the Lord and I will also take some of them for priests
will also take some of them for priests
will also take some of them for priests and Levites for as the new heavens and
and Levites for as the new heavens and
and Levites for as the new heavens and the new earth which I will make shall
the new earth which I will make shall
the new earth which I will make shall remain before me so shall your
remain before me so shall your
remain before me so shall your descendants and your name remain and it
descendants and your name remain and it
descendants and your name remain and it shall come to pass that from one new
shall come to pass that from one new
shall come to pass that from one new moon to another and from one Sabbath to
moon to another and from one Sabbath to
moon to another and from one Sabbath to another all flesh shall come to worship
another all flesh shall come to worship
another all flesh shall come to worship before me and they shall go forth and
before me and they shall go forth and
before me and they shall go forth and look upon the corpses of the men who
look upon the corpses of the men who
look upon the corpses of the men who have transgressed against me for their
have transgressed against me for their
have transgressed against me for their worm does not die and their fire is not
worm does not die and their fire is not
worm does not die and their fire is not quenched they shall be an abhorrence to
quenched they shall be an abhorrence to
quenched they shall be an abhorrence to all flesh
all flesh
all flesh [Music]